hey guys pronunciation CA they act like
you have syllables at different time hey
guys today I am here with my roomies and
we're gonna do a roommate I'm I'm David
I'm from Boston I'm Sophia I'm from
Connecticut
I'm I'm I'm from New York from Bri I'm
from Washington
[Laughter]
I see a high thought we're gonna start
up so basically the way very related
this is I'm gonna read out a series of
questions and then whoever we think the
question applies to most were staying
with one two three
I don't like let that person same up and
everyone should have like a me card for
them okay cool number one who is the
messiest this almost Esther like how
well you know each other we all say the
same on there on 3 1 2 in either one of
you will be there which is yeah I don't
think I've ever come back to a complete
which is like honestly comforting yeah
there's always who goes out the most or
part is this thermal Esther Indians
higher like the entire time of us
knowing each other and that was going
out
who takes the longest shower
[Laughter]
[Applause]
but the motor fibers yeah whoa guys that
our friend about what this non-current
okay one friend since well that no it's
counting said this is the key with fear
answer my mom's gonna see this
this is she like
[Laughter]
[Applause]
this might be longer but what was your
first impression of each other bro I'm
on Loki you came back from Bob and I was
like week and I saw you he gave actually
I have it I was like who is my roommate
are you guys the first in the room yeah
but I thought you didn't like me
to be honest yeah I feel a bit better
tonight and then you like like you were
here in the new love a night like me
like I like saw you downstairs
unlike the first thing before you even
came up oh yeah yeah that's funny
Everage parents were there so yeah yeah
okay I said like I switched basically
they had I think I explained assume did
I don't know I'm just playing again but
they had a suite of five with only four
girls and they were told that they were
gonna maybe get another roommate and I'm
happy that surprisingly the day on
reading me right before finals which was
a nice time for everyone was like
Siena's bed was like we are select
accidentally broken
and fix it and then it just like it's
called
[Laughter]
worse I try to turn it off like I we go
to my phone alarm and then I turn it off
so it's a Fiat isn't it so what is that
stuff it's literally the sound of like a
prison break it
[Applause]
yeah was it doesn't water DEFCON 5
that's all I go anywhere DEFCON is it
105 I always mix them convict the eagle
the deaf among five is bad yeah yeah
dingo 7 yeah yeah it kind of just like
level of like oh look at us threat to
security
basically we're fog come on 5 it is 5
oh wow that's a nuclear normally the
offline status and one is a global
severity knowing real art goes off the
entire galaxies whatever
David Mel was forever it came you know
and we have the books over there I was
cleaning it up I was really gonna sleep
out like in the fetal position no
roommates all calves potential mouths in
the room at work fare strategy I'm
vacuuming right now I told her tops and
placed mousetraps Swift it strategy must
be implemented promptly if we want to
work in the war we will convene at night
to discuss future plans
sincerely Colonel feel like I think I
cried I crack
not with your mouth though honestly do
you use your roommate's things without
asking yes yeah I use your straightener
sometimes well you asked me leave yeah
but they don't last term yeah a more
than one granola bar I was missing some
without spilling it story glass and then
I say yes that's kind of permission like
I used to yeah I'm gonna do another
water jug kind of going off that what do
you most commonly argue about if
anything you don't argue way to some
spot when are each other's birthdays
I don't know Lord send gift someone
else's you know anyone elses yours Mario
anyway forth
February yeah that's right
November yeah yeah okay thank you guys
for watching if you enjoyed this video
you should like comment and subscribe
let's do it I know one two three we did
it
put that out